Adding Activity1 for JSappy bird (#108)
NuevoFoundation/workshops: content/english/jsappybird/1-Activity/add-rotation.md

---
title: "Bird falling with Rotation"
date: 2020-07-29T13:24:17-07:00
draft: false
weight: 9
---

> Lets add Force to the Bird
> 
>     Add below command in the file [File: update-game.js]
>     if(bird.angle<50) {
>     bird.angle+=1;
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's add rotation to the bird:

Add below command in the file [File: update-game.js]
    if (bird.angle < 50) {
       bird.angle += 1;
    }
```

## Comments:

> If is a conditonal block where we are checking the angle of the bird and if thta is less than 50 we are exceuting the condition 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`If` is a conditional block where we are checking the angle of the bird and if it's less than 50 we are executing the condition.
```

>    -bird.angle+=1;

Reviewer: A little confused about this.

Author: This was part of the original code.

## Working Together

> In the repl.it window below, we started the code with the line `bird.angle+=1;`.
> 
> ![alt text](../../img/rotate.png "image to add rotation to the bird")
> 
>  In  your console you should see a Jsappy bird  roatting with an angle after you press **run**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the repl.it window below, we started the code with the line `bird.angle +=1;`.

![alt text](../../img/rotate.png "image to add rotation to the bird")

In your console you should see a Jsappy bird rotating with an angle after you press **run**:
```
